---
title: Resume
author: Wonhee Baek
date: '2020-06-16'
slug: resume
categories:
  - R
tags: []

---

This is my resume. 

- Baek, Wonhee
- E-mail: heebakery@gmail.com
- Job: Nurse
- Interesting: Pain, Postoperative pain, Informatics for nurses, Elderly, Delirium

---
# Education 
- Mar.2004 - Feb.2008: Baccalaureate of Science in Nursing, Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Mar. 2012 - Aug. 2015: Master of Science in Nursing, Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Mar. 2016 ~ Feb. 2019: Phd candidate, Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea

# Work Experiences
- Severance Hospital, Surgery Nursing Team
- Severance Hospital, Acute Pain Service Team

# Licenses and Certification
- Registered Nurse (Korea, Ministry of Health and Welfare)
- Advanced Practice Nurse (Korea, Minister of Health and Welfare)

# Scholarships
- Spring 2009: Yonsei University College of Nursing(Baccalaureate)
- Fall 2012: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Spring & Fall 2013: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Spring 2014: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Fall 2016: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Spring & Fall 2017: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea
- Spring 2018: Yonsei University College of Nursing, Seoul, Korea

# Research Grant
- Research title: Discovery of biomarkers using exosomes and risk factors for delirium after spine surgery in the elderly 
- Funding Institution: Health Fellowship Foundation
- Research Period: 2018. 7 ~

# Carrier 
- Severance Hospital, Surgery Nursing Team
- Severance Hospital, Acute Pain Service Team

# Researches: 
- Baek, Wonhee, et al. Factors Influencing Satisfaction with Patient-Controlled Analgesia among Postoperative Patients using a generalized ordinal logistic regression model. Asian Nursing Research (2020).[ANR] (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anr.2020.03.001)
- Chae, D., Kim, S. Y., Song, Y., Baek, W., Shin, H., Park, K., & Han, D. W. (2020). Dynamic predictive model for postoperative nausea and vomiting for intravenous fentanyl patient‐controlled analgesia. Anaesthesia, 75(2), 218-226.[Anaesthesia] ( https://doi.org/10.1111/anae.14849)

# Thesis (Master of Science):
Aug, 2014: Development of an Educational Video for the Patients Undergoing Abdominal Surgery, College of Nursing, Yonsei University, Seoul, Korea 

# Presentations:
- 2017, Sigma, "Factor Influencing Satisfaction about Using PCA of Postoperative Patients a General Ordered Logistic Regression Analysis"(Poster presentation)

- 2016, Seoul Nursing Conference, "Development of an Educational Video for
the Patients Undergoing Abdominal Surgery"(Poster presentation)

- 2013, AFENTA, "How to Manage Necrosis of Surgical Wound and Prevention to Wound Dehiscence in the Republic of Korea"(Oral presentation)

# Professional Activities:
- 2015-present: Member, Korean Society of Nursing Science
- 2008-present: Member, Korean Nurses Association

# Extra Activities:
- 2016: Participated in the online nursing education production of the Korean Nursing Association; Pain management (Patient controlled analgesia)

